h1. WkHtmlToPdf Plugin

A wrapper view class to allow easy use of WkHtmlToPdf with CakePHP applications

h2. Background

WkHtmlToPdf is the least suckiest HTML to PDF converter, and there needs to be an easy to use CakePHP view class for it.

h2. Requirements

* CakePHP 1.3
* WkHtmlToPdf (http://code.google.com/p/wkhtmltopdf/)

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/dakota/wk_html_to_pdf/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/plugins

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git://github.com/dakota/wk_html_to_pdf.git plugins/wk_html_to_pdf
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/dakota/wk_html_to_pdf.git wk_html_to_pdf</code></pre>

_[WkHtmlToPdf]_

* Goto http://code.google.com/p/wkhtmltopdf/
* Download the version for your server
* Put the binary in /usr/bin (by default), call it _wkhtmltopdf_

h2. Usage

Two simple ways to use:
 
*Method 1:*

<pre><code>
    //Route.php
    Router::parseExtensions('pdf');

    //Controller or AppController   
    $components = array('RequestHandler', 'WkHtmlToPdf.WkHtmlToPdf');
</code></pre>

*Method 2:*

<pre><code>
    //In your action
    $this->view = 'WkHtmlToPdf.WkHtmlToPdf';
</code></pre>

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Walther Lalk

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
